generation gamers unleash your inner
gamer an evening would Infinity Ward
modern warfare 2 gallery exhibit in
California what's up guys it's me it's
nightmare here from generation gamers
and in this video I'm going to be giving
you guys a voice tutorial on how to beat
the museum after you beat campaign so
what you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to pick yourself up
shotgun you can use the a12 or anything
else but I prefer to strike her or DM 10
14 ok now what you're going to want to
do is you're going to want to go to the
second room after you pick up your
shotgun on the left side where all the
guns are you're going to want to pick up
yourself a thumper after you pick up
stumper you're going to want to refill
your ammo because you have only one
between one and three shots every time
you get it so just refill your animal
voila 20 shots ok now what you're going
to want to do is you're going to want to
press the X button but right when you
press it leave run the hell out of there
now you're going to stand where I'm at
and then just bounce flashes and frags
after you do that you'll see you know
you're going to want to shoot your
thumper on the floor just keep shooting
it on floor you're gonna get a lot of
children
now there is one problem there is going
to be a juggernaut and the turnips not
too hard to take out it's not that
difficult okay now when you're in the
hallway if you have an extra flash just
flash him or shoot i'm sorry to get
dizzy antigen run the hell away from him
daughter to come in this room you're
going to understand where I'm at and
then you just want to going to want to
keep shooting the doorway until it all
guys after they all die you're going to
be hearing a big like a big beef telling
you when it's over and that's pretty
much it guys so you guys aren't really
going to use your striker but I prefer
to striker if you want it to be more fun
this is just to know you be that but
that's pretty much it guys I really hope
you guys enjoy please comment rate and
subscribe and please rate this video 5
stars if you liked it it really means a
lot to us we hope that you enjoyed the
video please tell us what you think in
the comments and subscribe if you
haven't
you
wailing thousands to let you die over
there
no generation gamers unleash your inner
gamer